Package Intan rhs loader (#1)
datajoint/intanrhsreader: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

Observes [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html) standard and
[Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/) convention.

> ## [1.0.0] - 2023-02-17

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 1.0.0 - 2023-02-17
```

> -  importrhsutilities.py is renamed to intanrhsreader.py.
> - "COPYING" file is renamed to "LICENSE" for clarity.
> - LoadIntanRHS_Python.ipynb file is removed from the repository.
> - present is removed from the return line of "load_file" function.
> - Added header information to the results dictionary in "data_to_result" function.
> - "importrhsutilities.py" is blackified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Update - Rename `COPYING` to `LICENSE`
- Update - Remove `LoadIntanRHS_Python.ipynb`
- Update - Rename `importrhsutilities.py` to `intanrhsreader.py`
- Update - Black format `intanrhsreader.py`
- Update - In `intanrhsreader.py` and the `load_file` function, remove the `data_present` variable from the return statement
- Add - In `intanrhsreader.py` and the `data_to_result` function, add header information to the `result` dictionary
```
